### How does History explain some of the MAP quirks?
 
 1. The first version used regions.json as a description of the available packages.
 1. The packages were self contained zip files which could be expanded into a web server's serving space; These packages included programs, and data. They  suffered the shortcoming that they could not display two adjacent continents on the same page.
 1. The second version of maps separated the program from the data. The program is loaded at IIAB install time, and a very small amount of data is automatically loaded at that time -- which becomes a test page, and example, which automatically transitions to an installion request page. This offers to install one or more continental chunks of Open StreetMap data.
 1. The second version uses a 'map_catalog.json' file, rather than the 'regions.json', for selecting the file to download at install time. The principle difference between these two files is that 'regions.json' is keyed on a continental region (which would not be unique,as new maps are created  Whereas 'map_catalog.json' is keyed upon a unique instance in time of OSM vector data. And continental region is demoted to just one of the fields of metadata about a specific map.
 1. Backward compatibiity has been the excuse which has caused multiple fields in "regions.json" and "osm-catalog.json" to exist:
      1. Size -- In version 1, this field was the sum of OSM and satellite data. Communication between the the map system and the Admin Console has been poor. The Admin Console has created it's own version of map-catalog.json which uses "size" to mean just the physical size (next version will become duplicate of "mbtile_size").
      2. osm_size -- Is the value of the "filesize" variable in the "metadata" table of the sqlite3 formated *.mbtiles file.
      3. sat_size -- Was a forward looking effort to accomodate OSM and satellite data being combined in the same mbtile (It was a bad idea, and will be removed in next revision).
      4. mbtile_size -- Is the size reported by the OS of the sqlite mbtile.
1. The main.js (the main javasscript program that displays maps), has about 500 lines of code which is not used. This extra complexity came about while I was attempting to create a classroom activity  where students could add labels and images in to their maps in their vacinity. The project floundered because iphones, at that point, did not have a right click associated with a long press, as was available on all android phones.  Now, I find that the most recent iOS has added a long press. But at this point the KISS principle seems most appropriate.
1. There will be a delay during which the Admin Console does not install map regions. The Admin Console has it's own and slightly modified versions of the catalog and regions.json, which will need to be brought in sync.
1. The wiki in the map repo documents the generation of the regional packages of Open Streetmap data pretty well. It does not describe the  tools used to generate the javascript bundles that do the actual display in the client's browser.  These are located in the map repo at osm-source/pages
